{"en":"The word justice is usually associated with courts of law. ^ “","ch":"正义”这个词常常是同法庭连在一起的。  "}
{"en":"We might say that justice has been done when a man's innocence or guilt has been proved beyond doubt. ^ ","ch":"当某人被证据确凿地证明无罪或有罪的时候， 我们也许会说正义得到了伸张。  "}
{"en":"Justice is part of the complex machinery of the law. ^ ","ch":"正义是复杂的法律机器的组成部分。  "}
{"en":"Those who seek it undertake an arduous journey and can never be sure that they will find it. ^ ","ch":"那些寻求正义的人走的是一条崎岖的道路， 从来没有把握他们最终将找到正义。  "}
{"en":"Judges,  however wise or eminent,  are human and can make mistakes. ^ ","ch":"法官无论如何聪明与有名， 毕竟也是人， 也会出差错的。  "}
{"en":"There are rare instances when justice almost ceases to be an abstract concept. ^ ","ch":"在个别情况下， 正义不再是一种抽象概念。  "}
{"en":"Reward or punishment are meted out quite independent of human interference. ^ ","ch":"奖惩的实施是不受人的意志支配的。  "}
{"en":"At such times,  justice acts like a living force. ^ ","ch":"在这种时候， 正义像一种有生命的力量行使其职能。  "}
{"en":"When we use a phrase like 'it serves him right', ^ ","ch":"当我们说“他罪有应得”这句话的时候，  "}
{"en":"we are,  in part,  admitting that a certain set of circumstances has enabled justice to act of its own accord. ^ ","ch":"我们部分地承认了某种特定的环境使得正义自动地起了作用。  "}
{"en":"When a thief was caught on the premises of a large jewellery store one morning, ^ ","ch":"一天上午， 当一个小偷在一家大型珠宝店里被人抓住的时候，  "}
{"en":"the shop assistants must have found it impossible to resist the temptation to say 'it serves him right. '^ ","ch":"店员一定会忍不住说：“他罪有应得。 ” "}
{"en":"The shop was an old converted house with many large,  disused fireplaces and tall,  narrow chimneys. ^ ","ch":"那是一座老式的、经过改造的房子， 店里有许多废置不用的大壁炉和又高又窄的烟囱。  "}
{"en":"Towards midday,  a girl heard a muffled cry coming from behind one of the walls. ^ ","ch":"快到中午的时候， 一个女售货员听见从一堵墙里传出一种闷声闷气的叫声。  "}
{"en":"As the cry was repeated several times,  she ran to tell the manager who promptly rang up the fire brigade. ^ ","ch":"由于这种喊叫声重复了几次， 她跑去报告经理， 经理当即给消防队挂了电话。  "}
{"en":"The cry had certainly come from one of the chimneys, ^ ","ch":"喊叫声肯定是从烟囱里传出来的，  "}
{"en":"but as there were so many of them,  the fire fighters could not be certain which one it was. ^ ","ch":"然而， 因为烟囱太多， 消防队员无法确定到底是哪一个。  "}
{"en":"They located the right chimney by tapping at the walls and listening for the man's cries. ^ ","ch":"他们通过叩击烟囱倾听那人的喊叫声而确定了传出声音的那个烟囱。  "}
{"en":"After chipping through a wall which was eighteen inches thick,  they found that a man had been trapped in the chimney. ^ ","ch":"他们凿透了18英寸厚的墙壁， 发现有个人卡在烟囱里。  "}
{"en":"As it was extremely narrow,  the man was unable to move, ^ ","ch":"由于烟囱太窄， 那人无法动弹。  "}
{"en":"but the fire fighters were eventually able to free him by cutting a huge hole in the wall. ^ ","ch":"消防队员在墙上挖了个大洞， 才终于把他解救出来。  "}
{"en":"The sorry-looking,  blackened figure that emerged,  admitted at once that he had tried to break into the shop during the night but had got stuck in the chimney. ^ ","ch":"那个看起来满脸沮丧、浑身漆黑的家伙从烟囱里一出来， 就承认头天夜里他企图到店里行窃， 但让烟囱卡住了。  "}
{"en":"Justice had been done even before the man was handed over to the police. ^ ","ch":"甚至在那人还没被送交给警察之前， 正义就已得到了伸张。  "}